Yiyi is my princess.
Miss, I'm sorry for your people,
It's love. I will admit my mistakes if I can.
Princess, the emperor asked Wang Yi to take you to the palace tomorrow.
Got it, thief judge,
Help me prepare something. princess,
How beautiful are you?
How could this woman be anything but different?
Let's go.
If you are willing, you are bold and dare to do nothing.
I feel sorry for you, your sales are uncertain,
Do not control things immediately.
They can cook Lao Yixue and help Guan Shengwang. Let him die
you are in danger now
I need information right away
I ask you to go down and take a look.
As long as it's not afternoon
My face is so high that once it breaks through the blood vessels, it will be difficult to attack it.
Don't even want it once you give it
Don't want to care about you
What are you doing